If you are unable to view this mailer Click here  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  You have received this mailer from way2sms on behalf of Citibank because you indicated that you would like to receive special offers from the way2sms. In case you do not wish to receive such communication in future, Please Use this link to Unsubscribe from this service.  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
      
       
       
      
     
      
     
     
     40 litres of Free Fuel. 
     
     
     Powered by Citi. 
     
    
     
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
     
      
      Presenting the IndianOil Citibank Titanium Credit Card, packed with 40 litres of Free Fuel and more. 
      
      
      
      
      
       
       
       
       
        
        
        
        
        
        Apply NOW! &gt;&gt;  
        
        
        
        
       
        
       
      
       
      
     
      
     
    
     
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
      
      Exclusive Activation Offer:  (Valid on cards booked before 31st Oct, 2013) 
      
      
      Get 250 Turbo points 1 on your 1st spend &amp; redeem them for FREE fuel 
      
     
      
     
    
     
    
    
    
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
      
      
      TURBO POINTS 
      
      
      Earn 4 Turbo Points on every Rs.150 spent on fuel at IndianOil Outlets 
      2 
       
      
      
      TURBO POINTS 
      
      
      Get 2 Turbo Points on every Rs.150 spent at grocery and supermarkets 
      3 
       
      
      
      FREE FUEL 
      
      
      Redeem Turbo Points instantly for free fuel at over 800 IndianOil outlets 
      4 
       
      
      
      SURCHARGE WAIVER 
      
      
      Full waiver of 2.5% fuel surcharge, when you fill in at IndianOil outlets 
       
      
      
      
      1 Turbo point = Re.1 worth of free fuel 
      
     
      
     
    
     
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    
     
     Zero Annual card fee 5 
     
     
     
      
      
      
      
       
       
       
       
       
       Apply NOW! &gt;&gt;  
       
       
       
       
      
       
      
     
      
     
    
     
    
    
    
    
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
    &copy; 2013 Citigroup Inc. Citibank and Arc Design is a registered service mark of Citigroup Inc. 
     
    
    
    1 Click here to view the free fuel offer terms &amp; conditions. 
    
    
    
    
    2 4 Turbo Points accrue for every Rs.150 spent for fuel purchases at IndianOil outlets with the IndianOil Citibank Titanium Credit Card. This benefit along with the fuel surcharge waiver would be applicable on Citibank EDCs only. The Turbo Points that accrue in this category would be capped to 6000 per transaction. 
     
    
    
    
    
    3 2 Turbo Points per Rs.150 will accrue on spends till Rs.5000 (or 67 points) per &quot;month&quot; in the categories specified above. For spends beyond this, the customer will earn 1 Turbo Point per Rs.150 spent. &quot;Month&quot; is defined as the statement billing cycle assigned to your card. 
     
    
    
    
    
    4 1 turbo point = Rs.0.40 at non-IndianOil outlets. 
     
    
    
    
    
    5 Provided you spend at least Rs.30000 or more p.a. Else a fee of Rs.1000 will be applicable at the end of the year. 
     
    
    
    
    
    As a part of credit card application procedure, we will require your recent passport size photograph, self-attested copy of your address proof and valid photo identity document. You will be contacted separately for collection of these documents. The documents submitted along with the application will be kept with the bank for record purposes and will not be returned. 
     
    
    
    
    
    Click here to view the Most Important Terms and Conditions of this card. 
     
    
    
    
    
    Click here for card member T&amp;C 
     
    
    
    
    
    Issuance of the Credit Card is at the sole discretion of the bank and is subject to the bank's approval criteria. Please do not reply to this mail as it is a computer generated mail. For further information, please follow the instructions mentioned above.